OSDOCS-2474: rel notes for web console (#36209)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-9-web-console"]
=== Web console

[id="ocp-4-9-assessing-node-logs-from-the-node-detail-page"]
==== Accessing node logs from the node detail page

> With this update, admins now have the ability to access node logs from the node detail page. From there, you can switch between individual APIs in order to inquire about the node. 

Reviewer: They aren't really "APIs." Maybe

```suggestion
With this update, admins now have the ability to access node logs from the node detail page. From there, you can switch between individual log files and journal log units in order to inquire about the node. 
```

[id="ocp-4-9-web-console"]
=== Web console

[id="ocp-4-9-assessing-node-logs-from-the-node-detail-page"]

> ==== Accessing node logs from the node detail page

Reviewer 2: If the page's name is "Node Details" then it needs to be like this: **Node Details** page. This comment also applies to below. 

This is from our Documentation Guidelines:

> Use single asterisks for web console / GUI items (menus, buttons, page titles, etc.). Use two characters to form the arrow in a series of menu items (->).
